feat(flutter): TTID & TTFD (#9433)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/flutter/integrations/routing-instrumentation.mdx

);
```

> ## Time To Initial Display

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Time to Initial Display
```

> Time to initial display (TTID) provides insight into how long it takes your Widget to launch and draw their first frame, by adding a span for navigation to a Widget. The SDK sets the span operation to `ui.load.initial-display` and the span description to the Widget's route name followed by initial display, for example, `MyWidget initial display`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Time to initial display (TTID) provides insight into how long it takes your Widget to launch and draw their first frame. This is measured by adding a span for navigation to a Widget. The SDK sets the span operation to `ui.load.initial-display` and the span description to the Widget's route name followed by initial display (for example, `MyWidget initial display`).
```

There are two ways to set up TTID:

### Approximation

The time to initial display is enabled by default and provides an approximation of TTID.

### Manual

The manual approach allows you to set a more accurate time to initial display manually.

> In order to report TTID manually wrap the desired widget with `SentryDisplayWidget`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to report TTID, manually wrap the desired widget with `SentryDisplayWidget`, as shown below:
```

```dart
import 'package:sentry_flutter/sentry_flutter.dart';

SentryDisplayWidget(
  child: MyWidget(),
)
```

> ### Combining both approaches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Combining Both Approaches
```

> Since the approximation is enabled by default, you can combine both approaches to report the TTID of only certain Widgets manually where you need accurate measurements and leave the rest to be reported automatically via approximation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the approximation is enabled by default, you can combine both approaches by manually calculating TTID for certain Widgets that need more accurate measurements and leave the rest to be automatically approximated.
```

> ## Time To Full Display

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Time to Full Display
```

> Time to full display (TTFD) provides insight into how long it would take your Widget to launch and load all of their content, by adding a span for each navigation to a Widget. The SDK sets the span operation to `ui.load.full-display` and the span description to the Widget's route name followed by full display, for example, `MyWidget full display`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Time to full display (TTFD) provides insight into how long it would take your Widget to launch and load all of its content. This is measured by adding a span for each navigation to a Widget. The SDK sets the span operation to `ui.load.full-display` and the span description to the Widget's route name followed by full display (for example, `MyWidget full display`).
```

> TTFD is disabled by default. In order to use TTFD follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TTFD is disabled by default. In order to get TTFD measurements, follow these steps:
```

> 1. Enable the option in the SDK configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enable the `enableTimeToFullDisplayTracing` option in the SDK configuration:
```

```dart
import 'package:flutter/widgets.dart';
import 'package:sentry_flutter/sentry_flutter.dart';

Future<void> main() async {
  await SentryFlutter.init(
    (options) => options.enableTimeToFullDisplayTracing = true,
    appRunner: () => runApp(MyApp()),
  );
}
```

> 2. Report manually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Report the span manually:
```

```dart
import 'package:sentry_flutter/sentry_flutter.dart';

SentryFlutter.reportFullyDisplayed();
```

> If the span finishes through the API, its status is set to `SpanStatus.OK`. If the span doesn't finish after 30 seconds, it will be finished by the SDK automatically, and its status will be set to `SpanStatus.DEADLINE_EXCEEDED`, also its duration will match the same of the Time to initial display span.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the span finishes through the API, its status is set to `SpanStatus.OK`. 

If the span doesn't finish after 30 seconds, it will be finished by the SDK automatically, and its status will be set to `SpanStatus.DEADLINE_EXCEEDED`. In this case, its duration will match the TTID span.
```

);
```

## Time to Initial Display

Time to initial display (TTID) provides insight into how long it takes your Widget to launch and draw their first frame. This is measured by adding a span for navigation to a Widget. The SDK sets the span operation to `ui.load.initial-display` and the span description to the Widget's route name followed by initial display (for example, `MyWidget initial display`).
There are two ways to set up TTID:

### Approximation

> The time to initial display is enabled by default and provides an approximation of TTID.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The default setup is enabled automatically, but only provides an approximation of TTID. To set a more accurate TTID, manually wrap the desired widget with `SentryDisplayWidget`, as shown below:
```

I think it makes sense to put these two sections together since they're both really short and the user has to choose between the two.

### Manual

The manual approach allows you to set a more accurate time to initial display manually.
In order to report TTID, manually wrap the desired widget with `SentryDisplayWidget`, as shown below:

```dart
import 'package:sentry_flutter/sentry_flutter.dart';

SentryDisplayWidget(
  child: MyWidget(),
)
```

> ### Combining Both Approaches

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Combining the Two Approaches
```

> Since the approximation is enabled by default, you can combine both approaches by manually calculating TTID for certain Widgets that need more accurate measurements and leave the rest to be automatically approximated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have some Widgets that need accurate measurements while the rest can be automatically approximated, you can use a combination of both the default and the manual method. 
```

## Time to Full Display

> Time to full display (TTFD) provides insight into how long it would take your Widget to launch and load all of its content. This is measured by adding a span for each navigation to a Widget. The SDK sets the span operation to `ui.load.full-display` and the span description to the Widget's route name followed by full display (for example, `MyWidget full display`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Time to full display (TTFD) provides insight into how long it would take your Widget to launch and load all of its content. This is measured by adding a span for each navigation to a Widget. The SDK then sets the span operation to `ui.load.full-display` and the span description to the Widget's route name, followed by full display (for example, `MyWidget full display`).
```

> TTFD is disabled by default. In order to get TTFD measurements, follow these steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TTFD is disabled by default. To enable TTFD measurements, follow these steps:
```

1. Enable the `enableTimeToFullDisplayTracing` option in the SDK configuration:

```dart
import 'package:flutter/widgets.dart';
import 'package:sentry_flutter/sentry_flutter.dart';

Future<void> main() async {
  await SentryFlutter.init(
    (options) => options.enableTimeToFullDisplayTracing = true,
    appRunner: () => runApp(MyApp()),
  );
}
```

2. Report the span manually:

```dart
import 'package:sentry_flutter/sentry_flutter.dart';

SentryFlutter.reportFullyDisplayed();
```

> If the span finishes through the API, its status is set to `SpanStatus.OK`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the span finishes through the API, its status will be set to `SpanStatus.OK`. 
```
